Update philosophy to include other preprocessing classes (#18550)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/philosophy.mdx

🤗 Transformers is an opinionated library built for:

> - machine learning researchers and educators seeking to use, study or extend large-scale transformers models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- machine learning researchers and educators seeking to use, study or extend large-scale Transformer models.
```
I always capitalize Transformer :)

> - hands-on practitioners who want to fine-tune those models and or serve them in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- hands-on practitioners who want to fine-tune those models and/or serve them in production.
```

- engineers who just want to download a pretrained model and use it to solve a given machine learning task.

The library was designed with two strong goals in mind:

- Be as easy and fast to use as possible:

  - We strongly limited the number of user-facing abstractions to learn, in fact, there are almost no abstractions,
    just three standard classes required to use each model: [configuration](main_classes/configuration),
    [models](main_classes/model) and a preprocessing class ([tokenizer](main_classes/tokenizer) for NLP, [feature extractor](main_classes/feature_extractor) for vision and audio, and [processor](main_classes/processors) for multimodal inputs).

>   - All of these classes can be initialized in a simple and unified way from pretrained instances by using a common
>     `from_pretrained()` instantiation method which will take care of downloading (if needed), caching and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - All of these classes can be initialized in a simple and unified way from pretrained instances by using a common
    `from_pretrained()` method which will take care of downloading (if needed), caching and
```

    loading the related class instance and associated data (configurations' hyper-parameters, tokenizers' vocabulary,
    and models' weights) from a pretrained checkpoint provided on [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/models) or your own saved checkpoint.
  - On top of those three base classes, the library provides two APIs: [`pipeline`] for quickly

>     using a model (plus its associated preprocessing class and configuration) on a given task and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    using a model for inference on a given task and
```

>     [`Trainer`] to quickly train or fine-tune a given model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    [`Trainer`] to quickly train or fine-tune a PyTorch model (TensorFlow model are all compatible with `Keras.fit`).
```

  - As a consequence, this library is NOT a modular toolbox of building blocks for neural nets. If you want to
    extend or build upon the library, just use regular Python, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Keras modules and inherit from the base

>     classes of the library to reuse functionalities like model loading and saving. If you'd like to learn more about our coding philosophy, check out our [Repeat Yourself](https://huggingface.co/blog/transformers-design-philosophy) blog post.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    classes of the library to reuse functionalities like model loading and saving. If you'd like to learn more about our coding philosophy for models, check out our [Repeat Yourself](https://huggingface.co/blog/transformers-design-philosophy) blog post.
```
This is not what we apply everywhere, only model code files.

- Expose the models' internals as consistently as possible:

  - We give access, using a single API, to the full hidden-states and attention weights.
  - The preprocessing classes and base model APIs are standardized to easily switch between models.

- Incorporate a subjective selection of promising tools for fine-tuning and investigating these models:

  - A simple and consistent way to add new tokens to the vocabulary and embeddings for fine-tuning.
  - Simple ways to mask and prune transformer heads.

> - Switch easily between PyTorch and TensorFlow 2.0, allowing training using one framework and inference using another.

Reviewer: I'd also add FLAX here

The library is built around three types of classes for each model:

> - **Model classes** can be PyTorch models ([torch.nn.Module](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/nn.html#torch.nn.Module)) or Keras models ([tf.keras.Model](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/Model)) that work with the pretrained weights provided in the

Reviewer: I only see PyTorch and Keras mentioned here, but we also support JAX/FLAX

  library.

> - **Configuration classes** store all the parameters required to build
>   a model. You don't always need to instantiate these yourself. In particular, if you are using a pretrained model
>   without any modification, creating the model will automatically take care of instantiating the configuration (which
>   is part of the model).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Configuration classes** store the hyperparameters required to build
  a model (such as the number of layers, hidden size). You don't always need to instantiate these yourself. In particular, if you are using a pretrained model
  without any modification, creating the model will automatically take care of instantiating the configuration (which
  is part of the model).
```

> - **Preprocessing classes** convert the raw data into a format accepted by the model. A [tokenizer](main_classes/tokenizer) stores the vocabulary for each model and provide methods for encoding and decoding strings in a list of token embeddings indices to be fed to a model. [Feature extractors](main_classes/feature_extractor) preprocess audio or vision inputs, and a [processor](main_classes/processors) handles multimodal inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Preprocessing classes** convert the raw data into a format accepted by the model. A [tokenizer](main_classes/tokenizer) stores the vocabulary for each model and provide methods for encoding and decoding strings in a list of token embedding indices to be fed to a model. [Feature extractors](main_classes/feature_extractor) preprocess audio or vision inputs, and a [processor](main_classes/processors) handles multimodal inputs.
```

All these classes can be instantiated from pretrained instances and saved locally using two methods:

- `from_pretrained()` lets you instantiate a model, configuration, and preprocessing class from a pretrained version either
  provided by the library itself (the supported models can be found on the [Model Hub](https://huggingface.co/models)) or
  stored locally (or on a server) by the user.

> - `save_pretrained()` lets you save a model, configuration, and preprocessing class locally so that it can be reloaded using

Reviewer: I'd add a third method here which has become increasingly important, namely `push_to_hub`
